1.  Problems of wireless networking
    a.  Increased insecurity - because the traffic between client an base
        station is broadcast over airwaves accessible to everyone in the
        vicinity, packet sniffers and other technologies can easily capture the
        content of the exchanges and save it for later analysis, possibly for
        nefarious purposes.
    b.  Reliability of transmission - wireless transceivers must be capable of
        identifying and separating traffic from different clients out of the soup
        of transmissions pervading the various channels.

2.  This sort of segregation between layers makes it possible to make changes,
    potentially even radical changes, to how a particular layer is implemented
    without breaking the functionality of the other layers, so long as they
    respect the API and don't tie into any behind-the-scenes magic.

3.  This process is called 'encapsulation'

4.  Packet sniffing is the interception of packets as they are being passed
    over a network.

5.  Viruses and spyware fall along distinct axes of classification of malware:
    what makes a piece of malware a virus is the infection vector (unlike
    worms, viruses require user intervention in order to infect a host); what
    make it spyware is the sort of activity it engages in (relaying data from
    the infected host, often sensitive data such as account credentials or
    financial information).

6.  Client-server architecture is typified by relatively rigid differentiation
    between participants in network activities: there are clients who initiate
    communications, request resources, etc., and an always-on server that
    responds to requests, serves contents, etc..  By contrast, peer-to-peer
    architecture does not require the existence of an always-on server, instead
    distributing the various functions a server performs over a fluctuating
    collection of machines known as 'peers'.

7.  The Cray Unified Resource Manager, which is 'a job scheduler that provides
    a high-level method of controlling the allocation of system resources to run
    jobs', according to the docs at:
    http://docs.cray.com/books/2150_3.3/html-2150_3.3/z838168761las.html

8.  Application layer protocols manage communication from process to process.

9.  TCP vs. UDP
    a.  Email uses TCP because TCP guarantees reliable transmission without
        loss of data.
    b.  VoIP often uses UDP (reverting to TCP if that is unavailable) because
        UDP is simpler and lighter-weight interface than TCP.  Although UDP is
        more unreliable than TCP, VoIP can tolerate out-of-order or dropped
        packets without causing a major fault.
